we have come here to this framework
incomparable to make the 200,000
kilometers of panama better day than today
it could not be and next to home so that
feel at home right now I do not know
if it looks will be 1999 1999 with which in
the urbasa satin now the 200,000
better than Norway and better than none
another site by the way the return goes through
here and here have been recording
the spot of the return to
Manolo loves this cycle
and point
Sirs
host whore colleague
to bravo for walking when the motorcycle comes
to be with the shooting
and it is done that it is not meant to be done
the 200 thousand 600 to make it look good 0
km
that we recorded that we were going with 199
1999 looking for a h
It is what it is
that did not count seems total total this
it's been a surprise I remember the
friend fernando all when he did the
100,000 to the cbr because now the same
but in a way allows a thousand
kilometers more good
the site is worth it
something
that 20 km
I just do not at least we're going to
enjoy this incomparable framework
Now, as you can see, everything is dry because
it has rained nothing at all
but this is usually birdie is
lost here we are about 980
kilometers km meters of altitude that
sneak
and this is our beloved motorcycle
that has given us so much joy
You still have to train more to get there
at 200 thousand will miss a few meters in
the last seen the facts on my skin
we have to send a note to those of
wave to see how they have made a marker
defective that does not exceed 200,000
kilometers or that or within a month
I put the motorcycle for sale with 5000
kilometers we are shooting and yes and being
legal I have not rigged anything
efe
regards
this is one of where the sites where
we came with our puppy and inside
little I'll put a sticker on the bike with
his name until now had never
named the bikes because now they
will call everything
in honor of our dog come a greeting
and thank you all, chau chau